# Synchronizer of the Sling Architectural documentation

Reads the structure of an instance of Sling
Use it with JDK on 32 bits as the Sparx Enterprise Architect has an API that only works on that model

The application's main class is com.maiereni.osgi.felix.utils.SlingDescriber. The application takes the following arguments:
* **host**=host_name - Optional. It is of the format host:port (defaults to 'localhost:8080')
* **user**=admin_user - Optional. It the administrative user  (defaults to 'admin')
* **password**=admin_password - Optional. It the administrative password (defaults to 'admin')
* **inXml**=path_to_input_model - Optional. It the input XML file containing a Sling model 
* **outXml**=path_to_generated_model - Optional. It the output XML file generated by the utility application. It contains the structure of Sling as a Model (see the schema at src/main/schema/SlingInfo.xsd)
* **eaModel**=path_to_the_EA_model - Optional. It the Enterprise Architect EAP file the is updated by the application

There are three use cases for the application
* Read live and Generate XML
* Read live and Update EAP Model
* Update EAP Model from a XML Model

Except for the first use case scenario, the application expects the native library from Sparx EA to be loaded upon launch. Use the VM argument as **-Djava.library.path="C:\Program Files (x86)\Sparx Systems\EA\Java API"** to be able to update the EAP Model


## Read live and Generate XML

The Sling Model is obtained by reading and interpreting the responses from a running instance of Sling. This the application expects the following arguments: **outputXML=path_to_generated_XML**

The application reads the structure of a running instance of Sling and packages the result in an XML file by the schema at ./src/main/schema/SlingInfo.xsd

## Read live and Update EAP Model

The Sling Model is obtained by reading and interpreting the responses from a running instance of Sling. This the application expects the following arguments: **eaModel=path_to_the_EA_Model**

The application reads the structure of a running instance of Sling. The information is then used to update the Enterprise Architect EAP file in the argument

## Update EAP Model from a XML Model

The Sling Model is read from an XML file and used to update an Enterprise Architect EAP file. The expected arguments are: **inputXML=path_to_generated_XML** **eaModel=path_to_the_EA_Model**
 
